Extract Terraform outputs to output-var with shell flavors (#41)
cycloidio/docker-cycloid-toolkit: README.md

## extract-terraform-outputs

This script is mostly expected to be used by the `merge-stack-and-config` script.

> It will creates a YAML and a Shell files from terraform outputs. In addition it will also export all Terraform outputs as environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Its purpose is to export all terraform outputs as both a YAML and shell script files in addition to loading them as environment variables in the current shell execution scope.
```

./scripts/extract-terraform-outputs

>   * `(TERRAFORM_METADATA_FILE)` Default `terraform/metadata`.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `(TERRAFORM_METADATA_FILE)` Defaults to `terraform/metadata`.'
```

>   * `(OUTPUT_ANSIBLE_VAR_FILE)` Ansible variables file. Default `output-var/all`. You might expect provide `ansible-playbook/group_vars/all`.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `(OUTPUT_ANSIBLE_VAR_FILE)` Ansible variables file. Defaults to `output-var/all`. You might expect provide `ansible-playbook/group_vars/all`.'
```

I don't understand the last part.

>   * `(OUTPUT_ANSIBLE_VAR_FILE)` Ansible variables file. Defaults to `output-var/all`. You might expect provide `ansible-playbook/group_vars/all`.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `(OUTPUT_ANSIBLE_VAR_FILE)` Ansible variables file. Defaults to `output-var/all`. You might want to use `ansible-playbook/group_vars/all`.'
```

>   * `(OUTPUT_ENV_VAR_FILE)` Shell environment variables file. Default `output-var/env`.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `(OUTPUT_ENV_VAR_FILE)` Shell environment variables file. Defaults to `output-var/env`.'
```

>   * `(OUTPUT_VAR_PATH)` base path used for all *_VAR_FILE. Default `output-var`.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `(OUTPUT_VAR_PATH)` base path used for all *_VAR_FILE. Defaults to `output-var`.'
```
